Updated crosswalk awsx example. (#4766)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/guides/crosswalk/aws/vpc.md

For additional details about configuring security group rules, See the
[Security Groups for Your VPC](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_SecurityGroups.html) documentation.

> ## How to use your VPC, Security Group, and EC2 instance
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to use your VPC, Security Group, and EC2 instance

This example shows how to deploy an EC2 instance using a VPC and Security Group provisioned with the Crosswalk AWS component:

```

Author: Updated the content to reflect the above

```typescript
import * as awsx from "@pulumi/awsx";
import * as aws from "@pulumi/aws";
import * as pulumi from "@pulumi/pulumi";

// Allocate a new VPC using any of the above techniques.
const vpc = new awsx.ec2.Vpc("custom", { /*...*/ });

// Allocate a security group using the above techniques:
const sg = new awsx.ec2.SecurityGroup("webserver-sg", { vpc });

// t2.micro is available in the AWS free tier
const size = "t2.micro";

// Get the most recent Amazon linux ami:
const ami = pulumi.output(aws.getAmi({
    filters: [{
        name: "name",
        values: ["amzn-ami-hvm-*"],
    }],
    owners: ["137112412989"], // This owner ID is Amazon
    mostRecent: true,
}));

const server = new aws.ec2.Instance("webserver-www", {
    instanceType: size,
    vpcSecurityGroupIds: [ sg.id ], // reference the security group resource above
    subnetId: pulumi.output(vpc.publicSubnetIds)[0],  // reference the public subnet from the custom vpc above
    ami: ami.id,
});
```

> This example launches an ec2 instance in the vpc and security group that was created above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we run `pulumi up`, the `aws.ec2.Instance` will be provisioned using the _first_ public subnet from the `awsx.ec2.Vpc` component and the security group provisioned with the `awsx.ec2.SecurityGroup` component:
```

Author: Updated the content to reflect the above
